Bump url from 1.7.2 to 2.1.0 (#1270)
comit-network/comit-rs: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed
- Move config files to standard location based on platform (OSX, Windows, Linux).
- Align implementation with RFC-002 to use the decision header instead of status codes

> - Upgrade `btsieve` to `url:2.1` 

Reviewer: I guess I'm the only one who cares about the full stops at the end of these items :stuck_out_tongue: We should be consistent though, so I'll remove them all in another PR.

Reviewer 2: We can do full stops everywhere :)

### Removed

> - Direct dependency of `cnd` on `url` (uses reexport from `reqwest` instead)

Reviewer: :upside_down_face: 
```suggestion
- Direct dependency of `cnd` on `url` (uses re-export from `reqwest` instead)
```
